# Camara QoD meeting - MOM-2023-05-19

*May 19th, 2023*

## Attendees

* Andrew Wajs (Scenera)
* Akos Hunyadi (Deutsche Telekom)
* Babu Narayan (Nabstract)
* Emil Zhang (Ericsson)
* Eric Murray (Vodafone)
* Herbert Damker (Deutsche Telekom)
* Jan Frimann (Ericsson)
* Jesus Gonzalez Tejeria (Vay)
* Jose Luis Urien Pinedo (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
* Ramesh Shanmugasundaram (Spry Fox Networks)
* Randy Levensalor (CableLabs)
* Thorsten Lohmar (Ericsson)
* Toshiyasu Wakayama (KDDI)
* ...

QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Update and housekeeping
* PRs for v0.9.0

## Updates and housekeeping
  * New participant in the round: Jesus Gonzalez Tejeria from vay.io
  * [Release Planning v0.9.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/issues/136)
    * We are behind the planned schedule ... we need to get the pending PRs merged as soon to be able to create the release candiate
  * Update of README.md (PR #156) - ready to be merged after minor update for readability

## PRs for v0.9.0

### Issue #125 / PR #138 
* Existing comments addressed, syntax linting done
* Final reviews to be done until end of Tuesday June 6th - the PR need to be merged to allow to resolve conflicts with PR #151

### Issue #144 / PR #151
* One review so far, more would be preferred
* Added Emil and Randy who volunteered last time as reviewers, but all others are also invited to review
* Jose will update the PR after #138 is merged (to resolve conflicts)


### Issue #133 / PR #134
* Merged as agreed, issue #133 closed

### Issue #154 and #157 / PR #155 
* Two proposals, no clear preference how to resolve https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/155#discussion_r1212798906, tendency towards option 2 (more compact, compatible with swagger 2.0)
* Tendency to remove apiKey completely from API spec (and resolving issue #157 with that), Akos will check with Orange
* Akos will address the open points beginning of next week

## Further issues to be addressed still in v0.9.0?

* [#31 Ensure secure handling of callback URL](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/31)
    * See discussion within the issue
    * Content discussion within Commonalities: [Unified Notfication/Event management #156](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/156) seems to have concluded. UPDATE: issue is fixed, the respective [PR #173](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/173) has been merged
    * Herbert will ask DT team to check for the needed changes

* [#146 Format 'ipv4' is more restrictive than the pattern in Data Type 'Ipv4Address'](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/issues/146)
  * Agreed solution is to omit the format strings "ipv4" and "ipv6" from the definitions of Ipv4Address and Ipv6Address
  * Thorsten will create the PR for it (UPDATE: see [PR #153](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/153))


## Further open issues (w/o backlog items)

* see [https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/issues](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/issues)

* [#31 Ensure secure handling of callback URL](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/31)
  * moved into backlog, as not fully addressed by updated notificiation handling
* [#158 Add linting GitHub actions](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/issues/158)
  * Supported as a good idea, Randy offered to make a proposal/pull request (Herbert will support if admin rights needed)
  * Note: there is in the meantime also an issue within Commonalities (https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/232), both authors are connected

### Issues closed / to be closed:

* Issue #146 as done by PR #153

## AOB

* Please help to get the release candidate v0.9.0 created (should be done within next call)
* The next call will be on June 16th, 2 PM CEST / 12:00 UTC
